# The-Battle-of-the-Neighborhoods

Introduction/Business Problem
Moving to a new city or country has always been stressful due to different dynamic of neighborhoods. Neighborhoods can be based on locality, markets, rental expense, parking and other overheads cost for selection analysis. This can be termed as requests with many variables to consider before making a final decision. It may include population, housing price, school ratings, facilities; crime rate, gym and other factors can be included. This process will help users to determine the best suitable neighborhoods as per there requirements. This process will effectively save user’s time for looking at each neighborhood individually, it will give the list of neighbor with median rent and other details for better decision when deciding new neighborhood. 
Details obtained through the process can also help users, property management and investors to determine how each neighborhood is ranked based on general requirements by general public. This can help user to easily compare more than 1 neighborhood based on various facilities available. Neighborhood can be segmented by partitioning it into groups with similar characteristics using algorithms for segmenting which is K-mean clustering. This will give us a better understanding of common and uncommon similarities among neighborhoods.
Currently users have to go through different platforms to gather all of this information which is time consuming and sometimes also depict incorrect analysis as there is no pattern of how the information is delivered to the end user, this system will give a clear understanding of how the neighborhood as clustered based on their features and amenities.     
 
Data
This section will cover how we will use data to solve the problem. 
Foursquare API have a database of over 100 million places, we will use this API to gather primary data source. This API will provide us with the ability to perform search, location sharing and details of business. Images through this API will also help in making it more interactive. 
